[DOCS-8925] Add Security Access Control doc (#25586)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/security-products/suppressions-granular-access.md

> By default, all users have full access to [suppressions][201]. To use granular access controls to limit the roles that may edit a suppression rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all users have read and write access to [suppressions][201]. To use granular access controls to limit the roles that may edit a suppression rule:
```

Reviewer: Suggesting "read and write" to be more specific as to what full access entails. (There may be a more accurate way to describe it though, e.g., "view and edit" vs. "read and write".)

Author: The UI uses "full access", but it makes sense to be more specific. Since the UI says view and edit in the permissions dialog box, I'll go with that.

1. Click the vertical three-dot menu for the rule and select **Permissions**.

> 1. Click **Restrict Access**. The dialog box updates to show that members of your organization have **Viewer** access by default.

Reviewer: Same question as above re: what "by default" means in this context.

Author: So when you click Restrict Access, it shows that your organization (eg. Datadog Demo (11287)) is a Viewer in the dropdown menu. I'll combine the next step and this one, because the next step mentions the dropdown menu.

1. Use the dropdown menu to select one or more roles, teams, or users that may edit the security rule.
1. Click **Add**.
1. Click **Save**.

> **Note**: To maintain your edit access to the rule, the system requires you to include at least one role that you are a member of before saving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: To maintain your edit access to the rule, Datadog requires you to include at least one role that you are a member of before saving.
```
